e e
[Music]
give me that
mercury
mecury
mey
huh give me that fulminated
[Music]
mercury give me that fulminated
Mercury give me that fulminated
merury that
mercury
[Music]
huh me that mercury
Mercury huhy
[Music]
me that
mercury huh
[Music]
you know uh if you're nervous about your
friendship lessons totally okay to say
nervous me oh Spike you really are
hilarious you think I'm nervous that I'm
going to fail something as simple as
baking a cake well if you were it'd be
silly Twilight just said how impressed
she was that I combined a speed spell
and a duplication spell that was a
challenge
[Music]
and every little she does it drives me
insane and maybe I'm a Fool a fool she's
a safety from the rain
every little thing she does is
magical magical
[Music]
we I we I we're not so different from
the world we saw
[Music]
be
forever the day bre we
was one of
[Music]
our could
go and
[Applause]
every
we inside
ourselves something has beg and we
[Music]
no nowhere to be
found
weere somewhere to
[Music]
be all the
wi I
from
we
[Music]
look if we
keep running we'll never see
theet no to go here with you
we're fighting our
owny I think we'll be
fine we
[Music]
areow
in this is are and
[Music]
after
andere to be
found magic we waiting be
[Music]
found e
so stop
enough cut it out thank
you um I need to do
this
nice wait I think I interrupted you body
go
again
um I just realized
that if you have a playlist of songs and
you put it on
shuffle it's a Rog
light so that's
cool
okay let's see if I know Violet Pony
music it sounds like highlight again but
I don't think it's highlight but I don't
know what else to do here
okay
oh Same album it's
a fun
fact um the vocalists that featured on
letter she wrote me we might be linking
up again for 11 Pony
step we'll see how it
goes class
SEC that's that one from Alo and Lotus I
don't remember which one what is it
called oh why do I not remember the
title of
it it's the one that's not sailing away
it's like the first one of the the mid
album beat tape
thing oh man
I don't remember the titles of the mid
songs it's
not oh
[__] oh
[__]
um it's not sailing away it's not marold
it's not wonderful it's the one that's
like at the beginning
God damn
it I should have
studied it's not
tenderness it's after fulminated Mercury
I
think so the idea with the Alo and Lotus
album was It was supposed to be Lotus
EP and
then just like a beet tape in the middle
middle and then aloe
EP like it was just supposed to
be EP beat tape EP as an
album ah
[__] okay okay
listen I
could I could figure it I could I I'm
I'm going to look at the track list I'm
not going to listen to it I'm just going
to look at the track list CU I'll know
which one it is by the pure placement of
it oh it's Sleepless someone said it in
chat or maybe everyone was like teasing
me question mark okay anyway it's
Sleepless
oh okay that's the that now that one's
sailing away wait we actually got
sailing away right after
it I remember because uh sailing away
wasn't technically a part of the aloe EP
or the load CP it was a part of the beat
tape but it was
like compared to the okay hold on let me
let me draw a
diagram let me draw a diagram
so quick question is is Spotify app
chromium because is it
chromium please open you got this
I don't know why Affinity photo Affinity
products like have the slowest cold open
of any
application on my
computer can you open inspect element I
don't know what the key command is for
that I can obviously do that in Firefox
and like Chrome and stuff
but let's
see I don't know
I'm on Mac
so everything is the question
mark anyway so the Alo and Lotus track
list it goes like
this um
so this this over here is Alo
EP beat tape and then Lotus
EP so it's like the anatomy
of of
uh of the Alo and Lotus
project
but the reason why this is relevant is
because like all of the stuff that was
in the beat tape
section was like not really made to be
like the best ever it's just like kind
of just some random silly ideas I
had and you can really tell with with
with these ones here but the the one
that's just out of place is this one
sailing away which was just mentioning
the reason why is cuz it actually feels
like like a full bodyi like realized
song and it only came out as a result of
making the beat tape and it's
like the rest of songs are just like
kind of okay but I I really like sailing
away for some reason it's just funny cuz
like it wasn't a part of the original
plans of lotus and
Alo so it it's like a it's like an odd
one
out but I really like that
um
yeah but don't worry if uh when we do
the the Alo and Lotus make as
matalines we're still keeping
Squidward I know everyone's worried
about that but Squidward is
staying
okay I yeah re remake yes I feel like I
feel like we get I feel like we
like I feel like every five live streams
or so somebody finds out about the Alo
and Lotus
remake it's like a it's like a tradition
now yeah Ralph egg staying too all the
songs are
staying does anyone play a guitar with
pizza Kurt kand does
um am I missing
anything guess we're just killing
Squidward is not my best song
[Music]
thanks yes BTY
he
didn't I I thought I finished
uh
oh okay
we so we
here okay let's let's recall these
controls just a little
bit the kind of game you play winters at
too I just want everyone to know that I
made an OC for seductive turtle
I did say selective Turtle I'm sorry
[Music]
have all of
these I have so many dollars and N to
nothing to spend
on so I was enjoying using just the base
shotgun the
coin handgun and then the I haven't
really used much of
this what do say to charge for
I didn't like the coin gun at first but
then I realized when you're in a room
full of a million enemies that something
suddenly clicks with it it's like I
don't know how to aim at a million
things I may as well just throw
something in the air and shoot that
instead choose your own Target type [__]
oh that's right we have a brand new
[Music]
hand okay
sh
[Music]
we're going up there
wait have a genius right there
I'm an idiot for this but I found the
[Music]
secret watch
wait did I kill the thing
already did I kill already
okay still alive
this one
[Music]
oh they really do scream
okay
[Music]
they just kill each other
now
[Music]
oh
good is that it
what's my favorite
toys I I [__] with
Bakugon I got like one out of five
Secrets it's pathetic
why was that first level so short
[Music]
where are all the enem
come
go
[Music]
e
St
[Music]
I'm kind of dead if you think about
oh
[Music]
it
wait snipe
rifle a rail Cannon
let
[Music]
it
oh
[Music]
so what is happening
why are these levels so
short are these level levels getting
short or am I just getting better I
can't tell I I feel like they're just
short I keep not finding the secrets
though I kind of just don't want it to
be over this is kind of annoying well I
know there's an endless mode so maybe
that's the maybe that's the way
[Music]
don't use in
water so far that has hasn't put a lot
of water
yet oh there's the water
[Music]
oh
I refuse to believe there's nothing down
here under than those doors
[Music]
okay
h
we
what just laugh at
me something had a bit of a giggle
[Music]
w a
buddy old pal is having fun
i d that was coming I deserve that
[Music]
no
hello
[Music]
okay
oh this is the same Arena
where is the red I just found it shortly
again
okay
wait that's what I got
why did I use
that what am I doing
[Music]
W over
here now hold on a second let me win
I knew that was coming
he
[Music]
St
are we seriously like almost to the end
of the second one
[Music]
already that was a new
one oh yes
no that one mind the flare
[Music]
on a rail
oh was that a King Crimson
reference I forgot the corpse of the
corpse okay
whatever it's all this then
well my album's after Monarch still be
Pony themed I
mean I my next album is called love and
pony step so do with that information
with you will
[Music]
need a
hand oh what
okay praise the two fingers
first oh wait do I shoot that
go
I I am not good at this section
why why do I keep going to the side that
it's specifically going
to it's telegraphed just fine my brain's
just not working with
that the game that burial sampled an
arch inro was Metal Gear Sol
why why why is
this why is this not Computing in my
brain the way this is supposed to work
okay f f so that
one it's a okay I can deal with the left
and right ones my brain doesn't want to
do
the it's where where it hits on the
bottom let get confus
okay well that time I got I did a no hit
run I guess
[Music]
whatever do you have a hand Wikipedia
page no hand
did he peed
hello
bro so wait what am I
doing do I s a little hand for the
Parry okay little little too early on
that
one wait are the punches parryable
they absolutely are
hello
was that
it that was
it are you
sure okay
[Music]
okay well we're into the final bit
it reminds me of uh King Vendrick from
Dark Souls
2 okay is that a filth
reference that's a filth reference
okay wait how am I
here hello bro
100% of Filth
reference filth the swans album
yes you should listen to swans everyone
should wait is this dangeros
I'm so glad I missed
[Music]
oh
f
[Music]
the PE
spot I think I have to find the other
things do I die if I jump down there
okay
well yes
no I don't remember where I was going is
it here or were we going up okay we are
going up
a
[Music]
this
go
[Music]
oh
w
[Music]
a
heard of me
oh that damages me I didn't even realize
to
pleas isy
[Music]
he
you
[Music]
where is your next
album North
Carolina okay and the line
[Music]
perhaps money has
flesh machine turn back now the layers
of this Palace are not for your kind
turn back or you will be crossing the
wind will of
God okay
bro your choice is made as the righteous
hand of the father I shall Rend you aart
and you will become inanimate once more
[Music]
hold the power of an
Angel a mere object
okay there can be only
one you are less than nothing
okay I really want
to try and Parry his [__]
but your crime is
existing you make even the devil try
you are
out you are less than nothing
the light is
perfection foolishness machine
foolishness enough
[Music]
you defy the
light an interection to be
play a
object not even
mortal your crime is existence
you are out
last you are out BL
[Music]
an imperfection to be
FL the light is
perfection you defy the light
[Music]
foolishness machine
foolishness God
[Music]
damn ever to keep you
res you defy the light
your crime is
existence bad you are less than
nothing to be your
res you defy the
light a mere object
[Music]
Just
Like You on the
light an inection to be
gled you are l
than
[Music]
nothing you are out
BL oh my God
literally more than to
be not even
mortal your crime is existence
you defy the
light
enough I have got the Parry I have got
the
Parry machine Co this
an inter should to
be you are out
CL there can be only life
you defy the
light that second
phase not even moral
[Music]
you make even the devil
cry oh I get
it you are
[Music]
out I've got to figure out how the
period your crime is
[Music]
existence you defy the
light you defi the right
what is the par
TR you make even the devil
[Music]
cry oh my
God you make even the devil dve
foolishness machine
foolishness there can be only life
an
inter you are in error to be
[Music]
arrested a near a
okay your crime is
existing just like
[Music]
how and only
your crime is
[Music]
existence not even
moreal like millania all over again for
me there can be only
[Music]
like I'm going to try and just like
focus on trying to p
your crime is
existence a mere
object a near
you are less than
nothing can that be par the an
imperfection foolishness machine
foolishness e
[Music]
Mor okay not be
par more than ever to be
corrected only
[Music]
you are out
F you are less than nothing
enough you defy the
light an imperfection to be cleared
I I
just I just don't know how to Parry when
they go up cuz like they're so
[Music]
fast you are out CL
the right is
[Music]
perfection just how do I Parry the thing
where he jumps up it's so fast
foolishness machine foolishness
you make even the devil
cry
enough a mere object
you are less than
nothing the light is
perfection I like have
there's there's like between trying
trying to switch weapons trying to go in
a circle trying to avoid attacks and
trying to Parry everything there's so
much to try and keep track
of I can do all those things in
isolation and put them together is like
getting too many parts of my brain mixed
[Music]
together you a even the devil cry
is you are less than
nothing but he's sliding just makes me
fall off the edge of the
map perfection
[Music]
you defy the
life I know I know I can I know I can
Parry the thing he throws I know I can
Parry all of these things it's just like
it's so much to pay attention to I know
I can do all these things
you the
light me
you you are less than nothing didn't do
it I'm trying to
you're watching a whole [__] stream
of me trying
to you are
out I'm like the kind of person who's
very prone to sensory overl I'm sure you
can understand
that it's like
you can't do anything in life why not
just do it I don't know because it [__]
it takes
work the problem with the sliding is
that I'll slide off the
edge the problem with the parrying is
that he's really [__]
fast if it were just horizontal
movements that be fine it's the
verticality that's making it really
confusing the shotguns kind of
useless I guess that's the case where
you just
like you actually do this
[Music]
this doesn't help
my experience with the pump charge
shotgun is that every single time I use
it I
die it does so much a damage that it's
like felt completely pointless to use it
[Music]
I feel like like I had to unequip the
the revolver
too cuz it's hard to switch between two
different things here there are three or
four different
things I'm just going to try so I can
just swap between these two
an inter
shoting see those things I know I can
Parry but I'm so like focused on is
existence you are in error to be
corrected weon VAR no I I I think I T to
stick with like
variant okay so the other problem is
that between parrying and between
dodging it's hard to choose in the
moment to dodge or to
Parry is the timing that's why you don't
see me parrying every single time cuz
like I don't have the timings down yet
that's hard to even practice the timings
because he's so goddamn fast
you are
out Terror to be
your you make even the double
try okay I see what you mean with a
slider
a mere
object for some reason I thought that
the the big ass slam did AOE
damage an imperfection to be cled
enough you defy the
light there can be only life
foolishness machine
foolishness okay yeah the sliding uh
improves things quite a
bit please okay well if that's the case
I'm like
[Music]
going to just put this on for consistent
Dage ever to be
corrected an imperfection to be CED
the only
left
enough you are less than nothing
no please don't kill me how can this
please don't kill me best by this this
thing you
insignificant Fu this is not
over may your woes be many and your days
few okay Jesus
okay the thing I needed to internalize
was just the sliding that was like the
big
thing cuz that reduces one one
stimuli reduces one stimuli from
confusing
me but
hell so it's technically an easy fight
but only if you know how to do it I
guess which I
didn't
undertale one yeah exactly one less
brain cell has been Ed
is this
like especially later what do you mean
this is the end isn't
it
okay oh
wait
oh this is only act one
okay I was
like cuz this cuz I knew this was an
early access and
[__] is this like Christianity
[__] is this like Christianity core
the flip your on Windows [__]
no I always love that I always love the
reveal it's just a Christian fan okay
it's kind of
fire why is there active activate
Windows button because it's a it's a
virtual
machine cuz I'm I'm running I'm running
a small
windows on a Big
Mac big big big big back
[Applause]
shouldn't you of all people know these
kind of Christian
things wait what is that supposed to
mean
you're right I'm
God for
isn't your problem about the Catholic
Church shouldn't you know or else why WR
about birning egg
Dro I
I I'm I'm not a like Pastor or anything
what are you talking
about I was just asking a clarifying
question is this about the Bible if I
didn't have the prerequisite knowledge
to know this then why would I even ask
the question
if I knew nothing about Christianity I
wouldn't even know to ask the
question it is is simply just trying to
connect with the people in the chat and
being like hey am I right in thinking
that this is about the Catholic Church
the Christian faith or some [__] like
that because it is taking many Liberties
and as you know um this isn't quite what
happens in the Bible so is it is simply
a verifying uh a clarifying
question now contrary to popular belief
um I am not uh a pastor I do not teach
religion uh is not really a big interest
of
mine my main observations were that
there was a bunch of religious symbolism
in
here and I was like oh I wonder if this
is about [__] Jesus or whatever so
simply asked that
question it is still my life
problem I feel like
maybe is English your first
language cuz maybe there's a language
barrier thing going on here
I'm just very
curious because I want to assume this is
like just a very a reasonable assertion
and not just a bad faith heckling in a
YouTube live stream chat
favorite part of the Bible is when V1
has supper with
Moses I I just figured you'd do research
for
your I was in Catholic school for oh God
how long 13
years I was in Catholic school for 13
years and I [__] hate religion that's
my life problem
I hate
religion I don't believe in
God all that
[__] I figured you do research for your
songs yes I I review as many scholarly
articles as I can when I'm writing
uh was the [__] line
uh the EC line not the EAS line the
cross
line I've been on my knees like I'm the
patron saint I needed to read 20 scarly
articles and uh site my sources to be
able to write that
line you know what's crazy I've read the
Bible like four times too like the whole
thing buiness in Catholic school for 13
years um I have an interest in
re-appropriating like religious imagery
because it can be very pretty and be
very
useful what do you what do you want me
to
know I really implore you uh is English
your first language
my favorite part of the
Bible the part where uh Jesus says love
thy neighbor and
[__] cuz he was he was kind of
cooking and then people killed him for
saying
it and they they'd kill him again if he
if if he if he came back right now and
he said the same [__] he'd be like
everyone would be like you're a
socialist we're going to kill you now
okay I think I'm understanding uh the
language
barrier thing
because some of it just feels like it
was maybe just
a just inappropriately
worded to sound more coarse than it
really is so I think I think I
understand where you're coming
from
so uh I feel like just a couple of words
are getting flipped over to sound like
weirder than than it really
is okay
so let me I I'll summarize this
then um I was Christian until 2015 I've
been in Catholic I was in Catholic
school for 13
years uh I know a lot about religion
purely out of being in religion and then
refuting
religion and when I asked the question I
wonder if this is you know related to
you know Christianity Jesus whatever it
was just cuz like I could see the the
the similarities and stuff but I just
wanted to make sure that I wasn't like
misinterpreting or anything that's
that's the main thing
um cuz it's like I earlier when we were
in like the end of uh chapter one of act
one I was like Gabriel I feel like this
is going to be like Archangel Gabriel
[__] and then uh it turned out to be the
case so I was like okay that's is my
confirmation bias in operation or is
this truly truly like an articulation of
Christianity but like cyber Punk
weirdness
this Ultra H is like Dante's Inferno
fanfiction it's Bible fanfiction
fanfiction yeah that makes sense it's
like several times
removed but then who the [__] are we
playing
as I did study about I did study angels
in
school I did do this
yeah I I know I'm playing as V1 but
where who is
V1 in the in the
uh what who who is V1 in this Bible
thing okay but that but V1 has nothing
to do with like the religious aspect V
one's just a random
person V is
me
okay
okay I was taking it too literally
I I think because of this hold
on let me finish this dialogue here I've
been sitting here
undertale ass sound
okay hold
on I just I I'll come back to this in a
moment but we need to because of all
this talk because of all this talk
because of all this [__] talk now I'm
going to subject you all to the story of
Moses this is what you all [__]
get this is what you all [__] get
you're going to you're going to you're
going to listen to the story of Moses
you [__] hear me
so you want to this is what you [__]
get so you want to know the story of
Passover the tale of the great Exodus
out of Egypt it's a tale that has been
passed down from generation to
generation for thousands of
[Music]
years long ago the Israelites were
slaves in the land of Egypt and the
Pharaoh was very cruel to them he made
the Israelites build gigantic statues of
himself so that he could see what he
looked like mirrors hadn't been invented
yet so if you wanted to know what you
looked like you needed to get your
slaves to build you an enormous statue
of yourself one day there was an
Israelite who decided to be Moses ooh
Moses with the long lip stop stop stop
stop stop stop stop just stop just hold
on a
second be Moses Israelite who decided to
be Moses there was an there was an
Israelite who decided to become Moses I
kind of wish you know what actually
fire fire that's fire ooh Moses with the
long lips ooh Moses with the tiny eyes
ooh Moses with the big soft belly big
red hat small small sack of beans that's
Moses Moses went to pharaoh and he said
all of the slaves are leaving to go to
the bathroom in the woods when Moses
said that Pharaoh was not happy at all
he said to Moses I am not happy at all
about that Moses well Moses was very
unhappy with that so he went to God's
house and he said God Pharaoh will not
listen to me so God sent the two plagues
to ruin Pharaoh's life the two plagues
were as follows one God made everyone's
fingers a little longer and two God sent
the angel of death to kill the firstborn
child of every Egyptian family the Torah
teaches us that the angel of death
looked like Wizards ARA Michael Jordan
wearing a sleepy time night cap and the
angel of death put all the firstborn
children of Egypt into a sack and
replaced them with skeletons that night
Moses instructed the Israelites to stand
on their front porches playing the
saxophone so that the angel of death
would know to pass over their houses and
not steal their elderly Sons because the
angel of death passed over the
Israelites houses this is why they call
it Passover do you understand now Jews
call this holiday Christmas in April in
those days Pharaoh had a son named horse
boy who he was immensely proud of
because he looked a lot like a horse the
night of passover the angel of death
killed Pharaoh's son horse boy when
Pharaoh saw that God made his finger
slightly longer he said I do not care
about this but when he saw that God had
murdered his beloved Hors looking boy
Pharaoh was so sad that he climbed into
a Giant's pocket and paid the giant to
run away into the desert the Israelites
knew that this was their chance to
escape but they had no time to make good
Jewish food for the journey like Hebrew
slime or Yiddish goat with lettuce sauce
instead they had to rush to make a lot
of very dry biscuits called Uncle
Moses's Bland cracker Sunrise which
Jewish families eat every Passover to
remember how much it tastes like sand
then Moses split the ocean in half which
resulted in a $900 fine for vandalism
against the ocean and that's how
Passover came to be Moses got a ticket
for messing up the ocean and according
to the ancient rabbis who wrote the
talet that's the only good thing that's
ever
happened that's the only good thing
that's ever
happened ever there's only one good
thing and it is
that sorry now we have to do the other
one now we have to do my my other my
other
favorite where is
it my name is Luke Brundage and I'm a
sergeant in the United States Marine
Corps
I've been stationed in Afghanistan for
two years and during that time I've
really missed home it's an honor to
serve my country but I'm really eager to
get
back David has never met me before so
when he sees me it's going to be really
special I'm really excited to surprise
him I think he's going to be very
surprised because he has no idea that
I'm finally back from Afghan
surprise what I'm back from
Afghanistan
oh did I surprise you uh
yeah thank you for your
service this is for
you thank you
[Music]
okay [__] I don't support our soldiers I
shouldn't have shown this on
stream and then they kissed so
true they should just get married or
something
uh yeah this is
cool and [__] so
beautiful you feel
me cool
oh
wait wait hold
up do I got I got to put all the
SpongeBob hold on I got to put all the
SpongeBob wait
key okay is that you wait
your only video is a Starbucks one okay
that's definitely you
hi like there's got to be at least a
tell I mean like OB you're using the art
I drew like three four years ago
so it's like you'd be like the only one
who has that but at the same time I
can't be I can't be like 100%
sure but that that the Starbucks video
it's
like I know that's
real uh
okay there someone asked the question
earlier that I completely forgot to
answer I do mostly draw my with my mouse
now
yeah I I I said I don't support our our
soldiers as like a generalized statement
but I do have like a a Nuance
concept uh every country needs a
military but the Americans American
politicians love to do military and uh
places we shouldn't be
but I do draw with my
mouse
okay
um so I wait how do
I does this
no okay well
yesterday I set
up
PS2 here I can even show you to I can be
like here all right this is this is the
mouse I'm
using so nothing
else if only we uh
this is my other favorite application
just right down
there here I'll put my microphone right
up to my mouse so you can hear me doing
this
for for
sure something
horse horse
right
there you see
it so delicious
okay
anyway I uh bought a
PS2 which is awesome
and uh I I only have three games right
now spongeb Battle for Bikini Bottom
SpongeBob square Fant the movie and
Eco
specific
um let
me my
hell divers too no no it's called
SpongeBob a good try very good try we'll
give you one more
chance oh can we just can we
just check this [__] out
[Music]
wait I am banned from
what I can see your
messages Al I do I do need to add this
to my thing on I
go there we go that should be
[Music]
better check the [__] out since they
don't want to put the original version
up on like any store Page or anything ah
the Rolling Green Hills of Jellyfish
Fields a place to experience nature at
its most raw and sometimes a bit tender
from the
[Music]
stings yes bully him
okay K miss you too have a good rest of
your
night Squidward are you okay no I'm not
okay you Barnacle head do okay
well your nose does look pretty big I
mean bigger than usual because it's us
pretty big and you look clamy and oh my
gosh you're bald I've always been bald
but now I'm sing all over well according
to the jellyfish Field Manual severe
jellyfish stings can be treated
effectively by applying a thig layer of
King jellyfish jelly to the affected
areas King jellyfish well I guess you're
off to scale Spork mountain and die a
harble death under the vicious tentacles
of
jellyfish I'll stay here B up here and
excruciating pain you do that don't
worry squid I'll bring back that King
jellyfish jelly for you to rub all over
yourself
[Music]
hello so out did you out find the out
king jelly outfish
yet I can speedrun by changing it to the
fast mode just my side
[Music]
we need the other
box we can't jelly fish today I'm going
fishing for robots
[Music]
can we do this no hit
run it shines
[Music]
a
I got a super monster
combo you needs to do
laundry shit's crazy
[Music]
oh damn it I need
underwear oh no I don't never mind
how do I start bee
hopping make chicken flavored are you
[Music]
crazy Bob popping m
a
[Music]
ow
wait hold on a second I just realized
that
my my uh yeah
[Music]
my my controller isn't working on par
with what it should be because I didn't
launch this through
Steam okay
wait cuz I have back
paddles like back
here and they won't work unless I I go
through
Steam for some reason
there we
go
hello fresh like a spring
Breeze hey Gary what's Shing
wow a bungee jump for a golden spatula I
must be in
[Music]
heaven attack my pet
snail quy
experience it shine
is garyi actually Gabriel stop it just
stop
it spoilers
[Music]
just my
side no it's
Geral hits hits
[Applause]
hit why don't you do something about
it
true h
get
[Music]
it did I watch someone die was that Gore
of your comfort
character stop bullying him
[Music]
when fighting the ham guys you got to
space you got to space your attacks
like that see that's a
strap okay 21 oh
[__] oh I don't have the bowling ability
at
[Music]
[Applause]
m
[Music]
think we
just go up there first
[Music]
this is good
see I didn't space
[Music]
it I feel like a new
sponge too pretty can't take it
[Music]
ow
I'm ready I'm ready I'm
ready the thing just
[Music]
SD Just My
Size I get it
[Music]
w
[Applause]
all right we got to lock
[Music]
in I win
for anyone wondering this game is ultra
kill Mermaid Man I have all your comics
and toys and mail huh what oh yeah it's
that sponge kid now what was I supposed
to tell you that Patrick is surrounded
by robots and needs my
help oh no I think it had something to
do with massaging my feet well if
massaging your feet will say Patrick
then massage I help the me hit
myself massaging your feet isn't working
I think I better try a more direct
approach by clipping my toenails there I
come
[Music]
Patrick oh it was it's the surfing
section no I wanted to enjoy
it now I can't
that was a ton of fun I should do it
again sometime okay do it again then
idiot it
shines you need do laundry
I'm going to
cry whatever
is that padr
[Music]
just my
side fresh like a spring Breeze
[Music]
three Dr Pepper containers
where sometimes pushing a simple button
is the most satisfying push push push
push
[Music]
yeah my Lake does that
too hey SpongeBob woo thank goodness
you're safe Patrick well of course
SpongeBob why wouldn't I be well the
robot and the oh yeah I found this for
you I don't know what it is but it looks
important thanks Patrick I tell you what
all that running around has left me
pooped why don't you continue on for a
bit
okay oh boy oh boy oh
[Applause]
boy here comes
pinkward wo up we go
[Music]
[Applause]
what can I say if he dies he dies
[Music]
Patrick versus Gabriel who wins who can
[__] pick up the watermelon not
[__]
Gabriel so shiny
I forgot you can't jump with them
[Applause]
[Music]
hey my
back oh cool I can pick up the
thundertaker
it's not water it's goo also hi
[Music]
goo hey you Barnacle head watch where
you going the rock is talking to me
Almighty Rock I am at your command holy
[__] he is Gabriel he's like Jesus
Christ the son of God down here you big
pink lumx oh hi there Mr Plankton are
you going to vaporize me today so very
tempting unfortunately I found myself in
the undesirable position of having to
assist you I was in an undesirable
position yesterday and now my neck hurts
heed my words my large future minion go
into jellyfish cave follow the
instructions on the signs that you see
at the end of the cave you'll still be a
big pink idiot but you'll know enough to
help the beat and get me back into the
Chum Bucket well then will you vaporize
me I might spare your life so I can
force you to work in my Sweatshop making
low quality design and knock off
wallets Pon oh thank
[Music]
you like to more
ooh scary dark
[Music]
cave OU
you
[Music]
was I pushed the Big Shiny button
[Applause]
that's much better
[Music]
why do it got to be so
[__] oh
[Music]
oh
hell yeah
[Music]
oh
why is Patrice in hell I don't know cuz
she felt like it
[Music]
[Applause]
oh got carry a lot of stuff
around oh
[Applause]
I will crunch them
play is a
[Applause]
whistle
oh what with this
[Music]
one oh boy oh boy oh
boy wait Patrick is
Cannon the [__] do that
maybe yes sure she's
[Applause]
[Music]
Canon Hoy there Squidward tells me
you're looking for the king
jellyfish yes good thing too that
monster has been stinging all my good
customers in their poop decks I hear
that you can find him up top of old
Spork Mountain here go hook that Beast
sailor go hook up with that Beast
sailor oh boy Mr Krabs I'll see what I
can do
[Music]
[Applause]
oh what the [__] is this
dance put this in fortnite
[Music]
immediately think SpongeBob's underwear
fits quite right
[Music]
do it destroy the
wildlife hello Mrs PB
hello Patrick I've got a job for you to
do oh boy I found a golden spatula but
those robots out on the island stole it
and threw it into the lake if you can
figure out how to get it back you're
welcome to it show enough Mrs poof
[Music]
[Applause]
I
[Music]
a
just my
[Music]
side I love I love I love the look of
these they're they're so
pleasant they're like little little
creatures you can feed them or kill them
[Music]
ow
[Applause]
herur
[Music]
BL God damn I have
$3,000 th000 sponge dollars
[Music]
oh I just tried to dodge
wall that's much better
[Music]
oh boy oh boy oh boy I think I forgot
you can play a C in this one
[Music]
too well done Patrick you're a real
star get it everyone can I get a cookie
no well done can I get a cookie no
[Applause]
no can I get a cookie no well done
Patrick you're a real star can I get a
cookie
no no
n
[Music]
[Applause]
it's
Shin just my
oh
[Music]
it's [__] spawn camping
me get
it I feel like a new spot
[Applause]
punch finally money
[Music]
n
don't thing just kill itself
I know you're were supposed to go over
that way I'm like can I make it this
way I think it's just aign m
[Music]
[Applause]
why why am I like this
you ready look over you
[Applause]
I'm I'm ready I'm
ready just my
side I feel like a new sponge
[Music]
wait come over
here I need to aggro it come over
here put them
[Music]
[Applause]
too pretty cat take it
[Music]
nice combat
W hey
[Music]
w
where the [__] did this guy come from
[Music]
bubble buddy gosh everyone is trying to
help out today step quietly there that
gang jellyfish is just up at the top of
this path good luck you'll need it
thanks Bubba
buddy what am I snacking on it's always
the same sponsored
[Music]
[Applause]
by I knew the king jellyfish was big but
wow King jellyfish is so hot
[Music]
[Applause]
baty what
a
[Music]
what
it's Shin Squidward is the reward what
are you talking about
[Music]
h
[Applause]
[Music]
ow
I didn't realize lnold would be here so
soon see no problem you could do
anything you set your mind and your
muscle
to see see